The session brought by Donn is quite an out-of-the-box experience for me. I personally think that the session has trained me on viewing things from a widely different perspective, while still adhering to basic human nature. In this lecture, there are three key items that I thought had wildly changed my perspective in the design thinking process.

 

Don’t fight human nature

My main takeaway from today's class revolves around ensuring product alignment with human nature. Donn highlighted a crucial point concerning the use of cutting-edge technology and unwieldy propositions that may not entirely fulfil all requirements. I appreciate how he mentioned that sometimes the part that does not fit the mould is the human need in the first place. The lecture constantly reminds us of the significance of keeping human needs in mind while doing the design, as this will largely affect the outcome of the problem-oriented approach to determining the features.

Be open to bad ideas

I am suprised as to when Donn showed the example of using a banana to promote the sample second-hand reusing application. I think that while the idea is weird, the execution is actually sound and reasonable. I liked how Donn particularly mentions that bad ideas would avoid us from subconsciously gravitating to what people have done before, and that it drives us to plough out a lot of things. He continued by stating that typically, within bad ideas, there are 1 - 2 hidden gems, echoing the saying that every cloud has a silver lining.

I recall a similar instance in my past, during the organisation of an Instagram live session aimed at teaching high school students mathematical problem-solving. Instead of adhering to a formal session, I thought what if I use a goofy filter just as a joke, apparently it helps to retain users since they are constantly entertained and the session ended up not being dry!

You can only know what’s the best for the market when you actually enter the market

I think the final one is a bitter reality, but it constantly reminds us that the design process is unique, as there is no one universal rule that works for everything. From Donn’s elaboration of his Peek-a-book application, I learned that finding the “sweet spot” between user-centric, tech-centric and consumer-centric design is indeed a challenge, and it needs strong understanding on what the market wants, demands, and is comfortable with. I felt that brainstorming user perspectives while constant user interviews might help to analyse their behaviours and end up with this sweet spot, similar to the shampoo product that minimises fuss in letting users buy a combined shampoo and conditioner bundle.



In summary, this session has reaffirmed my belief that bad ideas have the potential to evolve into brilliant ideas. True innovators are those who can identify a problem, probe its existence, and transmute these challenges into solutions.