Given the following notes taken in the lecture provided with three backticks delimiters. Generate a reflection essay that sumamries the three key points from the lecture. Keep the essay within 500 words.

Use british english. Make the essay personal, and not sound like a textbook.

Notes taken during the lecture:
```
When you buy one brand of shampoo, don’t necessarily buy the same brand’s conditioner → propose format of bottle that can sit together better. Increase sales by 20%

Same injection mold, shampoo and conditioner is taken into consideration since conditioner need to be upside down, tends to be sticky.

Clunky propositions that kinda not check out all the boxes, sometimes u wanna use some tech but doesn’t meet implications on the human life. Sometimes the part that doesn’t fit the mold is the human need in the first place.

What is best for the market, really can only know when u actly enter the market.

Might not be starting with problem-oriented approach

Compliance → Ppl sitting down and not scanning

Which problem we want to tackle. Booking system is not rocket science, but how can you get ppl to scan QR code.

→ Why is it that ppl don’t want to take responsibility to do sth

Human behaviour

Narrowing: conveniently

Don’t work against human nature

can use gpt lmao

In a school dorm context, I want to solve the problem of people not passing on their usable old stuff. Now I first want to do this by having you tell me 50 reasons why people don’t like receiving second hand items.

Can you give me 10 more that are particularly fussy, or comes from a really difficult to please person

loss aversion = fear of losing out

drive to feel ⇒ how do you make things sensory, how do you make it fun

cannot work against human will, unless u can force the punishment on them. if u can enforce it, punishment is quite effective. always work with what ppl wanna do.

⇒ are ppl comfortable with shooing ppl off

be open to bad ideas, else subsconsciously gravitating to what ppl have done

bad idea good to plough a lot of things

chatgpt can help u do embarassing stuff that u can’t ask urself

“ok this idea is bad, is there 1 - 2 gems”

can ask gpt to generate bad idea also, still better to do manually so can judge if it is good or bad

dont try to replace, try to amplify mindset change. how can tech help.

dont fight natural solution, use design to work with those

google rule: toothbrush rule

use it 2x a day, else doesnt pass

niche audience

everyday give u 1 credit to read next episode. if u want to read faster, buy credits.

aspiration vs problems

→ next gen of flipbook, no one gives a shit

→ “guilt free way of giving ur kids screen time”

solve the bias problem, how do you serve parents well, make fuss-free

kinda solves the parents’ problem, not just pitching a very advanced picture book. 

“What do people want to buy”

consumer centric, user centric, tech centric

Design centricity puts humans first, helps to see things more holistically. Tech centricity helps to put the latest things, consumer centricity trumps everything.

design centric comes to serve within the umbrella.
```